Project: Study group

Mentor: Nagarjun

Meeting Time: lab04

Type of meeting: daily scrum

Team: Kenneth Wang [x], Joshua Avery [x], Jamie Wang [x], Jennice Xu [x], Anisha Kabir [x],

Lead + Scribe: Jennice Xu

Scribed description: We discussed what we have done this week and made a plan for finishing the code and prepare for the YouTube video presentation. 

Kenneth Wang: 
1. Updated the team links spreadsheet. (lab03)
2. Figured out how to get access to the UCSB API for courses with Jennice. #13
* Update: Doing research about Axios, Cloudfunction, and Vue. For the next week, Kenneth is planning to finish the Cloudfunction and AdminPanel.vue

Jennice Xu:
1. Finished the tutorial.#14
2. Figured out how to get access to the UCSB API for courses with Kenneth. #13
* Update: Trying to go through tutorial in order to apply Axios to extract API from third-party into locals for the further application in firebase.

Anisha Kabir:
1. Finished the tutorial. #16
* Update: Anisha found an extension name Algolia that can be added to firebase in order to make more progress for this weekend.

Jamie Wang:
1. Finished the tutorial. #15
2. Figured out the chat application using vue with Josh. #12
* Update: Work with Josh to make the chat app have groups per each class. Plan for the presentation.

Joshua Avery:
1. Figured out the chat application using vue with Jamie. #12
* Update: Work with Jamie to make the chat app have groups per each class. Plan for the presentation.

Goal for the weekend and next week:
1. Make everyone in the team get access to the database of the chat application: Jamie & Josh. #19
2. Make the chat app work: Jamie & Josh. #20
3. Figure out how we represent the information in the database, e.g., for users, we need to have user names, profile description, and etc. : Anisha #21
4. Create the base structure: Josh #22
5. Store the courses' information in firebase: Jennice & Kenneth #23: 
6. Meet at Saturday: everyone
7. Before the deadline in Tuesday, we will plan a zoom meeting and do a 5-min recording for the YouTube video. 
8. We are going to make two breakout rooms for the meeting. 
* One is for coding.
* Another one is for presentation.
